Strategy ordering bug fix (#3818)
edenhill/librdkafka: CHANGELOG.md

 * Fix crash (`cant handle op type`) when using `consume_batch_queue()` (et.al)
   and an OAUTHBEARER refresh callback was set.
   The callback is now triggered by the consume call. (#3263)

>  * Fix the strategies ordering issue when multiple strategies are supported.
>    If there is more than one eligible strategy, preference is determined by the
>    order of strategies. The partitions are assigned to group members according
>    to the strategy order preference now. (#3818)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fix `partition.assignment.strategy` ordering when multiple strategies are configured.
   If there is more than one eligible strategy, preference is determined by the
   configured order of strategies. The partitions are assigned to group members according
   to the strategy order preference now. (#3818)
```
